README.md, before:

# BLDC Motor 

<img width="600" src="https://hc-cdn.hel1.your-objectstorage.com/s/v3/67991e943249a25d117f47c8bffe51aa1a55728e_motor.png" />

A mostly 3D printed outrunner brushless DC motor with 9 slots and 12 poles, wound in a Y configuration.

If I wanted the most RPM or torque I would've bought a bldc, this is mostly just a model. In the future i'll use it to test a driver I hope to make.

Features:
- Shaft held by set screw
- N52 magnets
- Press fit 3d printed parts
- Slot for wires
- Removeable base


(Copper wire not in images)


<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7451a826-a50e-4e20-a148-fe7bab81cc32" />

<img width="638" height="689" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1b02bb06-9727-4065-b47a-392c3574222a" />

### BOM

| Item             | Description               | Quantity or MOQ | Cost (USD) shipping excluded | Comment                                                         | Link                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|------------------|---------------------------|-----------------|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 3D printed part  | My rotor, stator and base |               3 |                            0 | Will print these myself                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Ball Bearings    | 5x10x4mm                  |               5 |                         2.16 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005009062156404.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.2.4a1b23d5bUQMbZ&aem_p4p_detail=2025073022445813470325553311480002423948&algo_pvid=122c1570-fac0-4b23-a621-c9956ee7a13a&algo_exp_id=122c1570-fac0-4b23-a621-c9956ee7a13a-1&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22486%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%212.16%210.99%21%21%212.16%210.99%21%402101c59817539406988352890e262f%2112000047778510708%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=UclvWnT7MD40&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=2025073022445813470325553311480002423948_1   |
| Shaft            | 45x5mm                    |               1 |                         1.19 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005004018253437.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.23.45795210BBrD46&algo_pvid=8818bfe1-7d2e-40ba-9622-7d2a5cf01826&algo_exp_id=8818bfe1-7d2e-40ba-9622-7d2a5cf01826-22&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2232%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%210.99%210.99%21%21%210.99%210.99%21%402101ea7117539361176648519ef594%2112000048018553371%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=3tfKEMtMS0ne&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A                                                                                                                   |
| Threaded insert  | M2                        |               1 |                            0 | If my other project gets approved, i'll use take one from there |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Set screw        | M2 3mm                    |              10 |                         0.77 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005007049952459.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.10.72011e9fLEGcYq&aem_p4p_detail=2025073109282615588583606820700002807206&algo_pvid=014b114f-7f4d-4673-9f74-e6839e8af1f0&algo_exp_id=014b114f-7f4d-4673-9f74-e6839e8af1f0-9&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22391%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.24%210.80%21%21%218.90%215.78%21%402101c5b217539793066493705e24db%2112000039230780874%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=NVTTm0wyKDlL&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=2025073109282615588583606820700002807206_4  |
| Copper wire      | 0.5mm 10m                 |               2 |                         6.26 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005003799096513.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.6.7cc942632Hynwu&aem_p4p_detail=20250731093100317896497687240002803885&algo_pvid=6d59d718-9f7b-4a34-bd5c-baa93d1536dc&algo_exp_id=6d59d718-9f7b-4a34-bd5c-baa93d1536dc-5&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%221469%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%212.36%210.99%21%21%2116.90%217.09%21%402101c59117539794599356679e3b3d%2112000032971537389%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=kyB4OpoZlT9s&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=20250731093100317896497687240002803885_2     |
| Magnets          | N52 20x6x2mm              |              20 |                         3.64 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005009598279358.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.22.3cb2605cv27tg4&aem_p4p_detail=2025073022404010504253136073670002637161&algo_pvid=f1adec08-65f7-4055-8dda-a09095785f57&algo_exp_id=f1adec08-65f7-4055-8dda-a09095785f57-21&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%221%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%214.48%212.91%21%21%2132.10%2120.86%21%402101c5b117539404408328822e066f%2112000049582495287%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=t5RcjZTCECDf&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=2025073022404010504253136073670002637161_6 |
| Shipping         |                           |                 |                           12 |                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Total: 26.02 USD |                           |                 |                              |                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|                  |                           |                 |                              |                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Commit message:

Revise motor description and future plans
Updated motor configuration and clarified future use.

README.md, after:

# BLDC Motor 

<img width="600" src="https://hc-cdn.hel1.your-objectstorage.com/s/v3/67991e943249a25d117f47c8bffe51aa1a55728e_motor.png" />

A mostly 3D printed outrunner brushless DC motor with 9 slots and 12 poles, wound in a delta configuration.

If I wanted the most RPM or torque I would've bought a bldc, this is mostly just a model. I'll use it to test a driver board that I'm currently designing.

Features:
- N52 magnets
- Press fit 3d printed parts
- Removeable base
- Screw holes for mounting
- 3.5mm male banana plugs


(Copper wire not in images)


<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7451a826-a50e-4e20-a148-fe7bab81cc32" />

<img width="638" height="689" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1b02bb06-9727-4065-b47a-392c3574222a" />

### BOM

| Item             | Description               | Quantity or MOQ | Cost (USD) shipping excluded | Comment                                                         | Link                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|------------------|---------------------------|-----------------|------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 3D printed part  | My rotor, stator and base |               3 |                            0 | Will print these myself                                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Ball Bearings    | 5x10x4mm                  |               5 |                         2.16 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005009062156404.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.2.4a1b23d5bUQMbZ&aem_p4p_detail=2025073022445813470325553311480002423948&algo_pvid=122c1570-fac0-4b23-a621-c9956ee7a13a&algo_exp_id=122c1570-fac0-4b23-a621-c9956ee7a13a-1&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22486%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%212.16%210.99%21%21%212.16%210.99%21%402101c59817539406988352890e262f%2112000047778510708%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=UclvWnT7MD40&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=2025073022445813470325553311480002423948_1   |
| Shaft            | 45x5mm                    |               1 |                         1.19 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005004018253437.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.23.45795210BBrD46&algo_pvid=8818bfe1-7d2e-40ba-9622-7d2a5cf01826&algo_exp_id=8818bfe1-7d2e-40ba-9622-7d2a5cf01826-22&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2232%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%210.99%210.99%21%21%210.99%210.99%21%402101ea7117539361176648519ef594%2112000048018553371%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=3tfKEMtMS0ne&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A                                                                                                                   |
| Threaded insert  | M2                        |               1 |                            0 | If my other project gets approved, i'll use take one from there |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Set screw        | M2 3mm                    |              10 |                         0.77 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005007049952459.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.10.72011e9fLEGcYq&aem_p4p_detail=2025073109282615588583606820700002807206&algo_pvid=014b114f-7f4d-4673-9f74-e6839e8af1f0&algo_exp_id=014b114f-7f4d-4673-9f74-e6839e8af1f0-9&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22391%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.24%210.80%21%21%218.90%215.78%21%402101c5b217539793066493705e24db%2112000039230780874%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=NVTTm0wyKDlL&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=2025073109282615588583606820700002807206_4  |
| Copper wire      | 0.5mm 10m                 |               2 |                         6.26 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005003799096513.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.6.7cc942632Hynwu&aem_p4p_detail=20250731093100317896497687240002803885&algo_pvid=6d59d718-9f7b-4a34-bd5c-baa93d1536dc&algo_exp_id=6d59d718-9f7b-4a34-bd5c-baa93d1536dc-5&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%221469%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%212.36%210.99%21%21%2116.90%217.09%21%402101c59117539794599356679e3b3d%2112000032971537389%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=kyB4OpoZlT9s&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=20250731093100317896497687240002803885_2     |
| Magnets          | N52 20x6x2mm              |              20 |                         3.64 |                                                                 | https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005009598279358.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.22.3cb2605cv27tg4&aem_p4p_detail=2025073022404010504253136073670002637161&algo_pvid=f1adec08-65f7-4055-8dda-a09095785f57&algo_exp_id=f1adec08-65f7-4055-8dda-a09095785f57-21&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%221%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%214.48%212.91%21%21%2132.10%2120.86%21%402101c5b117539404408328822e066f%2112000049582495287%21sea%21CA%212723362424%21ACX&curPageLogUid=t5RcjZTCECDf&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=2025073022404010504253136073670002637161_6 |
| Shipping         |                           |                 |                           12 |                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Total: 26.02 USD |                           |                 |                              |                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|                  |                           |                 |                              |                                                                 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
